Implement Docker, LTI 1.3, New Quiz support, and update all dependencies (#69)
ucfopen/quiz-extensions: README.md

```sh
make register
```

If you're using a Canvas instance hosted by Instructure, select the corresponding platform (prod, test, or beta). If you're using a self hosted instance, select "Other Canvas Platform" and copy-paste the server's url. Be sure to remove any extra paths or trailing slashes.

You will be prompted to enter a Client ID. The next section will explain how to get the Client ID from Canvas.

#### Create Developer LTI Key / Get Client ID

Go to your Canvas instance and log in with your account. Make sure you have admin privileges to create a developer key.

Now click on the Admin tab of the ribbon and click the account name where you would like to install your tool. In the navigation menu on the left, select "Developer Keys".

On the "Account" tab, click "+ Developer Key" and select "+ LTI Key". Change the key name, following the syntax: "{Your first name} - Python LTI 1.3 Project". Set the owner email to your work email.

If installing an Instructure-hosted instance of this tool (or one that is otherwise publically accessible), select "Enter URL" and paste the full URL to the LTI Config page. (e.g. https://your-tool-domain/Python LTI 1.3 Project/lticonfig)

> If installing a **self-hosted** instance of this tool, select "Paste JSON" in the method selection menu. Post the JSON from before (e.g. [https://use-your-unique-number-here.ngrok-free.app/Python LTI 1.3 Project/lticonfig](https://ngrok.com) if running locally with ngrok) in the textbox that appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the "Account" tab, click "+ Developer Key" and select "+ LTI Key". Change the key name, following the syntax: "{Your first name} - Quiz Extensions". Set the owner email to your work email.

If installing an Instructure-hosted instance of this tool (or one that is otherwise publically accessible), select "Enter URL" and paste the full URL to the LTI Config page. (e.g. https://your-tool-domain/quiz-extensions/lticonfig)

If installing a **self-hosted** instance of this tool, select "Paste JSON" in the method selection menu. Post the JSON from before (e.g. [https://use-your-unique-number-here.ngrok-free.app/quiz-extensions/lticonfig](https://ngrok.com) if running locally with ngrok) in the textbox that appears.
```

Looks like an artifact of the cookie cutter. Updating to be specific to Quiz Extensions

Technically, this section should be more generic to reference non-CDL folks, but good enough for now.

In the new app, click the gear icon and then click "Deployment ID". Copy this deployment ID.

Run the following command:

```sh
make deploy
```

Select which registration you'd like to use for this deployment. Ideally, it will be the one you created in the previous section.

When prompted, paste the deployment ID from Canvas.

### Wrapping up

Quiz Extensions is now configured and installed! Go to the course or account in Canvas where you installed the tool and find your tool in the Course Navigation or Account Navigation. Click on the tool to launch it.

## Code Quality and Testing

### Formatting and Linting

We use `black` for autoformatting, `isort` for import sorting, and `flake8` for linting.

To check for formatting, import sorting, and linting issues, run:

```sh
make lint-format-check
```

To automatically fix formatting and import sorting errors, run:

```sh
make lint-format
```

Linting errors will need to be fixed manually.

### Testing

In order to run the current test suite, run the command:

```sh
make test-all
```
## Acknowledgements:

- 1EdTech's [LTI 1.3 Specification](https://www.imsglobal.org/spec/lti/v1p3)

> - Univeristy of Central Florida's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- University of Central Florida's
```

>   - [Flask LTI 1.3 Template](https://github.com/ucfopen/lti-13-template-flask) and

Reviewer: We don't really use this anymore. Once @dgwn 's cookie cutter code is out there (soon™️), I'd like to link to that.
